Clean-up project (#5)
Korfat/library-app: README.md

# Library

> # Table of Contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the same with other sentences 
## Table of Contents
```

* [Project description](#description)
* [Project structure](#structure)
* [How to start?](#start)
* [Authors](#authors)

# <a name="description"></a>Project description

> A web application where a user can go to a library, view available books, rent books and view their rents books.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A web application where users can go to the library, view available books, rent books and view their books.
```

The administrator can manage the book list.

# <a name="structure"></a>Project Structure
* Java 12
* Maven 4.0.0
* MavenCheckstyle 3.1.0
* Tomcat 8.5.45
* MySQL 8.0.17
* Hibernate 5.2.9
* Servlet 3.1.0
* JSTL 1.2.1
* Spring 4.3.7

> * Spring Security 4.2.13

Reviewer: add logger here
